Document volume workflow (#1591)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/volume_management/storageclass_creation.rst

StorageClass Creation
=====================

**MetalK8s** uses **StorageClass** to configure how **Volumes** are formatted
and mounted.
This section hightlights how to create a Storageclass using the **CLI**.

#. Create a StorageClass manifest.

   You can define a new **StorageClass** using the following template:

>    .. code-block:: shell

Reviewer: I guess `code-block:: yaml` will be better for this case ?

       apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
       kind: StorageClass
       metadata:
         name: <storageclass_name>
       provisioner: kubernetes.io/no-provisioner
       reclaimPolicy: Retain
       volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
       mountOptions:
         - rw
       parameters:
         fsType: <filesystem_type>
         mkfsOptions: '["-m", "0"]'

   Set the following fields:

>       - **mountOptions** to specify how the volume should be mounted.

Reviewer: Is it possible to provide possible value for `fsType` ? Unlike other field there is not obvious value I can put in IMO.

StorageClass Creation
=====================

> **MetalK8s** uses **StorageClass** to configure how **Volumes** are formatted

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**MetalK8s** uses **StorageClass** objects to describe how **Volumes** are formatted
```

and mounted.
This section hightlights how to create a Storageclass using the **CLI**.

#. Create a StorageClass manifest.

   You can define a new **StorageClass** using the following template:

   .. code-block:: yaml

       apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
       kind: StorageClass
       metadata:
         name: <storageclass_name>
       provisioner: kubernetes.io/no-provisioner
       reclaimPolicy: Retain
       volumeBindingMode: WaitForFirstConsumer
       mountOptions:
         - rw
       parameters:
         fsType: <filesystem_type>

>          mkfsOptions: '["-m", "0"]'

Reviewer 2: Aren't these options also FS-specific? For example, that `-m` is the percentage of reserved blocks in ext4, but some kind of message file in FAT.

Reviewer 3: Yes they are, we should probably make them "generic" as well, and also mention that the field is optional.

Author: Yes they seem to be `File system` specific but we only support `XFS` and `EXT4` mainly so this would still work i guess. :)

Reviewer 3: Actually no :stuck_out_tongue: 

We already have a wide difference in how to specify `ext4` and `xfs` option.
For instance, even setting the UUID:
- `-U <UUID>` for `ext4`
- `-m uuid=<UUID>` for `xfs`

So `-m 0` isn't gonna work for `xfs` (for the record, reserved blocks are not handled the same way in XFS and ext4, see [here](https://www.spinics.net/lists/xfs/msg30770.html)).

So we definitely wants something generic here, such as `<mkfs_options>`.

   Set the following fields:

      - **mountOptions**: specifies how the volume should be mounted. For
        example **rw** (read/write), **ro** (read-only).
      - **fsType**: specifies the filesystem to use on the volume. For example

>         **XFS**, **ext4**.

Reviewer 2: Do we already have documentation on the currently supported FS? If not, this is a good candidate for it.

Reviewer 3: should be `xfs` BTW, we are case-sensitive.

And what do you mean about "documentation on the supported FS"? What could/should we say more than "we support Foo and Bar"?

Author: We only support this two for now

Author: The phrase now reads

```
- **fsType**: specifies the filesystem to use on the volume.
        **XFS** and **ext4** are the only currently supported file system types.```

Reviewer 3: Please use `xfs` instead of `XFS`.

Even if the correct typo is indeed `XFS` (uppercase because it's an acronym), the value you can put in the YAML is lowercase only.
